♪
You need not worry.
We won't let anything
happen to you.
[gasps]
Now, watch your step
and follow me.
[LICORICE] Lord Pastry's
such a curious boy.
Even though
I'm a bit older than him,
he somehow makes me
feel like a little girl.
I wonder if he'd rather be
taking my sister's hand
instead of mine?
But then, really,
he doesn't even seem interested
in comparing me to her.
What a flaky coward I've been.
I wasted the whole day sulking,
thinking my sister
was being chosen as a bride
because she's prettier than me,
I guess I felt like
some sort of an afterthought.
I'm embarrassed
that I was so curt
with Lord Pastry earlier,
as well.
Yet, he was still gracious.
Oh, um, is the ceremony here?
-[PAS] No.
-Ah.
We'll use Father's teleportation
to fly to the capital together
and the ceremony will take place
after we arrive.
The royal capital?
We'll be with you,
so no need to worry.
[LICORICE, PETRA]
Ah...
-Sure.
-Mm-hm.
[PAS]
Well, then.
Let's do this.
Please grab ahold
of each other's hands now.
We'll want
to form a single chain together.
[PETRA, LICORICE]
Mm.
And I'm to be included?
It feels rather presumptuous.
Mm-hm. Of course.
Hm.
Let's go.
[sparkling]
[gasps]
[PAS] Lady Licorice,
it's safe to open your eyes now.
Mm. Ah...
[gasps]
Everyone, we're here!
♪
[NARRATOR 2A] This is the tale
of a genius patissier
whose dream of making
the world's greatest dessert
was cut short.
Now, reincarnated
into another realm
as the son of a poor noble,
he pursues a world
full of desserts and smiles!
A tale that's syrupy sweet,
chock full of yummy treats
and sprinkled
with bitter darkness.
A pastry chef, who was reborn,
and dreams of creating
this new world's very own
land of sweets!
[ARMIRE]
Now then gentlemen,
I called you all here
for one reason.
I am in need of your assistance
in order to revive
the House Armire.
I've been given
a rare opportunity
to confound
those vile Kadreceks.
This may be my only chance
to supplant them.
[LIEUTENANT 6A]
We'll do anything,
so long as your money's good.
So, who do we need to kill?
Please don't kill anyone.
I just want you
to bring a certain woman to me.
Hm. Go on?
You'll be rewarded
ten gold pieces.
[BANDIT 6A] Ten gold pieces
for bringing one woman here?
[BANDIT 6B] Oh, this job will be
a piece of cake!
[BANDITS LAUGH]
I don't believe
you're enough of a fool
to have us kidnap someone
you just happened
to fall in love with.
Hm?
[STRUDEL]
Is the target an aristocrat?
[scoffs]
Yes, it is a daughter
of House Hubarek.
So, Margrave Hubarek, eh?
Bring me Petra Mille Hubarek.
Rumor
is she's soon to be engaged
to someone
from Duke Kadrecek's family.
Done deal. Let's go.
[BANDITS]
Right!
Be sure
not to screw this one up.
Just who the hell
do you think we are?
[scoffs]
You filthy street mutts.
[LIEUTENANT 6C]
Boss, are you sure
you want to take this job?
It seems so obvious.
He's doing all this
in order to earn
his noble station back, right?
Isn't it a little weird for him
to hire people like us anyway?
I don't get it.
Is he hoping that we'll shoulder
the blame for him?
I'd say his plan
likely has two main objectives.
First, is to disgrace
House Kadrecek
through humiliation.
Imagine the shame
that will bear down
on the leader
of the central army
if he lets his own grandson's
bride be kidnapped.
And the second one?
[grunts]
He'll use the girl
to restore his own reputation.
By "rescuing" her himself,
he'll earn enough clout
to reclaim his noble title.
So in the end,
he'll rise up by marrying
the very girl he kidnapped!
Oh, man, he's such a creep!
A kidnapped lady
being married to the hero
who saved her from the clutches
of her captors.
That is one heck
of a "happily ever after" story,
isn't it?
-[bell ringing]
-Stay behind the line.
[chatter]
[PAS] There's a lot of security
out there today.
Men that Margrave Hubarek
dispatched in advance
and friendly forces from nearby,
I'm told.
Very impressive indeed.
A poor knight's household
such as ours could never hope
to amass a security force
of this size.
You didn't have to
bring that up!
[Petra sighs]
Sister, do you feel sick?
Mm...
Being engaged
almost doesn't seem real,
it's like I'm dreaming.
[PAS]
That will change, I'm sure,
once you meet Lord Squale.
He's a fine young man.
You'll like him.
Yes, I know.
That was easy to tell
from the portrait
they showed me.
He's very handsome.
I am truly excited
to meet him in person!
Hm...
[PAS]
Oh, wow,
those matchmaking photos
really do the trick!
It eases people's fears,
proving
there's nothing more important
than planning and prep work!
Just like with sweets.
You won't succeed
if you don't do
your mise en place!
[HUBAREK]
We'll start with Petra.
Uh.
The priest is waiting for you.
Right.
[clears throat]
[PAS] Stop daydreaming
instead of working!
[FEUILLE]
Sorry to keep you waiting!
How are things
at Duke Kadrecek's estate?
[FEUILLE] We definitely weren't
the only people there.
Not sure
how they caught wind of it,
but it seems
even the lords of remote fiefs
have made the journey here.
People know
that joining the houses
of a margrave and a duke
will create
a very powerful alliance.
[PAS] Right, they likely want
to curry favor while they can.
[FEUILLE]
I've got Cointreau on standby
at the Duke's estate for now.
He'll let us know
if anything goes down.
-Now then, Pas.
-Uh.
I have an important mission
I need you to do for me.
[PAS]
What is it?
It sounds as though
Petra's Sanctification Ceremony
won't be finished
for a while yet.
Do you think you could escort
Lady Licorice to a guest room
and help her relax a bit?
Huh?
[CASSEROLE]
She looks rather tired to me.
[PAS]
Huh. I didn't even notice.
This is the perfect time
to rise to the occasion
if you really want
to be a ladies' man, kid.
[clears throat]
[chuckles]
-[PAS] Lady Licorice.
-Huh?
It must be hard to relax here,
with all the noise.
We've prepared a separate room
for you
if you'd like to rest there.
Really?
It's important
that you stay rested.
I'll take you there.
Uh, thanks.
Attaboy, Pas!
But don't you dare do anything
that'll make your lady cry,
you hear me?
Lucky for her,
I'm nothing like you, Feuille!
Ah, he'll thank me
when he grows up.
Feuille,
would you kindly not put
any more weird ideas
into my son's mind?
Hey, I'm just trying
to give him a heads up!
♪
The Sanctification Ceremony
should be finishing soon.
[gulps]
Kadrecek, it won't be long
till I have my sweet revenge.
[VEZHEN]
Staff Officer Vezhen, Sir!
I've come on the orders
of General Kadrecek.
I've been sent here
to safely escort Lady Petra.
I'm impressed
by your dedication.
Please do convey to His Grace.
I am grateful for this kindness.
[VEZHEN]
Moving out!
[horses neighing]
[carriage creaking]
[FEUILLE]
This is one step down, yes?
That's right.
Once the happy couple
have returned,
all that remains
is escorting them back home,
to their territory,
as well as Lady Licorice
and the others.
It's all going smoothly so far.
However,
even if they purged
anyone suspicious in advance,
there's still so many people
here,
we can't afford
to let our guard down now.
[FEUILLE]
I'm actually more worried
about the kid, myself!
Why is that?
A young man who's come of age
and an unmarried girl
alone in a room like that,
people will be talking.
It's a situation that's ripe
for misunderstanding,
-so of course I have to worry!
-[Casserole grunts]
[CASSEROLE]
You seem rather amused,
despite your claims of concern.
Lady Licorice's
Sanctification Ceremony
will be beginning shortly.
No need to stress.
Besides,
they've got
a formidable chaperone
with them.
So, um, might I ask
why you've joined us?
The one and only duty
I have here
is to protect Lady Licorice.
I was certain
you'd accompany Lady Petra
to her engagement reception,
though.
You must have misheard me.
The singular duty I have here
is to protect Her Ladyship.
Uh... [chuckles]
[PAS]
As to be expected
from a noblewoman's
personal attendant.
She's wary of me,
even though I'm still a child.
She's determined to prevent
anything undesirable
from happening.
Well,
can I invite you to sit with us?
I'd much prefer to stand.
[PAS]
This is incredibly awkward.
But surely you must wish
to relax for a bit?
Because like pastries,
you'd want the dough to rest
so it doesn't get too stiff.
-[grunts]
-Ah!
I'm so sorry,
I suppose I shouldn't worry.
Miss Caella, you look scary.
[CAELLA] It's to protect you,
Your Ladyship!
[PAS] This is the opposite
of relaxing!
Uh.
Um, Lord Pastry?
Hold on, did you hear
something weird, too?
[explodes]
-Ah!
-What's that?
Ah!
[sparkling]
[whimpers]
[Licorice, Pas screaming]
Milady?
Oh, no, Lady Licorice!
[Licorice screams]
-[door bangs]
-What's going on?
[Caella whimpering]
[CASSEROLE]
What is this?
Oh, her Ladyship just...
Where's my son?
[CAELLA]
He fell in with her!
-Oh, wow, look.
-[gasps]
[CASSEROLE] It's a giant hole,
almost perfectly circular,
and too deep for us
to make out the bottom.
Only magic can create something
like that in an instant.
Who did this?
Pas.
Feuille,
there's no time to waste.
Go to House Kadrecek
and tell the margrave
what's happened here!
But, boss?
-[grunts]
-[gasps]
[FEUILLE] Boss?
[grunts]
When he gets an idea
in his head,
he never listens to anyone.
This must be what they mean
by "like father, like son."
[sliding]
[grunts]
[panting]
♪
[groaning]
[PAS]
Where am I?
We fell into that hole.
[gasps]
Hey!
-[STRUDEL] Finally awake, huh?
-Uh!
-No, sir.
-[STRUDEL] Ha!
That's the right idea.
All you got to do
is keep being a good boy.
We'll release you
before too long.
So, you're saying
we've been kidnapped then?
Would you care
to explain yourself?
[STRUDEL]
I'm under no obligation
to explain things to you.
[PAS]
That hole.
Was he the one who made it?
Miss Caella was left behind
when we fell through the floor.
I'm sure Father and Feuille
will get the story from her
and take action swiftly.
Now, what's the best thing
for me to do until help arrives?
Come to think of it,
why did he kidnap me?
I'm the heir
to a poor knighthood,
not worth much for ransom.
[gasps]
[PAS]
Could it be Lady Licorice?
[STRUDEL]
Keep an eye on those two.
They're how we get paid.
[LIEUTENANT 6C]
Done.
Uh.
Don't get any foolish ideas
about running away.
If you try doing anything weird,
I'm more than happy to kill you.
[whimpers]
[PAS]
Okay. I have to protect her.
[panting]
Hm.
Uh!
[CASSEROLE]
There's no sign of them.
They must've already left.
Pas.
[whimpers]
[PAS]
Are you awake?
Huh?
Do you understand the situation
we're in right now?
Uh, I'm so sorry.
I'm confused.
You and I have been kidnapped
by some bad men.
I'm pretty sure
we're in our abductor's hideout
at this point.
I don't get it.
Wait, they took us?
[PAS]
It's all right.
I'm with you.
-Try not to worry.
-Ah! But Lord Pastry...
[LICORICE] I wonder why,
I feel like I can trust him.
If he tells me not to worry,
then I know I don't have to.
[LIEUTENANT 6C]
Playing tough, are we?
You're so suave
I might fall for you.
[PAS]
In all likelihood,
the mustachioed man is the one
who cast the spell.
I can't underestimate
the enemy's strength.
I have to act carefully.
I need to gather
a lot more information.
Hey, you,
what are you planning
to do with us anyway?
Ah?
We know exactly what we're going
to do with your girlfriend,
but we just might have
to kill you.
You do know you stand
to get 200 gold coins
if you spare my life, right?
Uh, 200?
[PAS]
It's likely that someone else
arranged the kidnapping.
I need to find out who.
-Explain yourself.
[whines]
See,
I'm the heir to a noble family!
I'm worth a great deal
in ransom! -Lord Pastry!
You could be rich!
Oh, yeah!
If the man who invited us here
is also a noble,
you might get even more money!
Really?
[PAS] Yes, these types
of negotiations between nobles
are frequently solved
with money!
[gulps]
How much gold?
[chuckles]
Wait, if you're making this up
to fool me,
I'll smack you!
You got that?
[lieutenant 6C grunts]
[PAS]
There's no doubt in my mind
a noble's behind this!
If this is indeed
a noble's mansion,
from
the ornamental construction,
they must be of a high rank.
A duke maybe.
But given
the state of disrepair,
it hasn't been
properly maintained
in at least ten years.
Could it be a fallen noble?
Someone who's been stripped
of their title?
Perhaps either the Kadreceks,
or the Hubareks,
were the ones responsible
for our abductor's downfall
ten years ago.
When we were assigned
to protect Lady Petra,
we received a list
of potential troublemakers.
So, who was on that list
that fits these conditions?
That's it!
The former Duke Armire!
That's the most I can figure out
for now.
[grunting]
[gasps]
[PAS]
Replicate!
[sparkling]
[PAS]
Go to my father!
I'm here to report
that the margrave
has to prioritize
Lady Petra's
engagement reception
above all else.
He can't spare any of his men
right now.
I see.
How awful.
[Casserole grunts]
[CASSEROLE] I can tell
how devoted she truly is
to the margrave.
This must be very hard on her.
-She's quite strong.
-[sighs]
[FEUILLE]
Who could be behind this?
If we knew that,
we could take action,
but we're pretty clueless.
[CAELLA] How are you both
remaining so calm?
You must understand
that your own son was kidnapped
along with Her Ladyship, right?
Aren't you concerned?
[GRASSAGE]
Of course, he's worried!
-[sighs]
-Huh? [sighs]
It would be more worrying
if Lady Licorice were alone,
but Pas is there with her.
I'm sure
he's already working on a plan!
[scoffs]
[grunts]
-[sparkling]
-[gasps].
Huh?
[CASSEROLE]
Pas.
Ah! That's the kid's ribbon!
Does it have a clue on it?
They're being held captive
at the Armire Estate!
The culprit is likely the former
ducal house of Armire!
Ah!
Feuille,
you'll go to the Duke's estate.
We're going to need
a lot of help.
-Round up all the men at once!
-[door creaking]
I'll recruit
as many able-bodied men as I can
from around the church
and then we're off
to the Armire Estate!
Before you go bounding off,
don't you think
it'd be a lot faster
if you used your magic
to send me to Duke Kadrecek's?
Hm...
I know how worried you must be
about the kid,
but just calm down a minute.
I'll send you right now!
Do your best, Feuille.
-[sparkling]
-I'm on it!
Now, Grassage.
Sir!
-[door creaking]
-Huh!
[gasps]
[grunting]
Uh, Chief?
Where's that stupid little girl?
[Licorice, Pas gasp]
[growling]
-[PAS] Look out!
-[sparkling]
-Huh? Out of my way!
-[yelps]
Lord Pastry, no!
[groaning]
[LIEUTENANT 6C]
Am I seeing things
or did that kid just appear
out of thin air
in front of the chief?
He'll pay for this, dammit.
Is something going on, boss?
That old bastard!
He's saying we kidnapped
the wrong sister
and he won't pay us anything
for this one!
They're actually twin sisters!
We just got word
that the engagement's going off
at the Duke's house
without a hitch!
We did all this for nothing!
[PAS]
Of course!
They were actually
after Lady Petra!
Lady Licorice
was taken by accident!
There's no way
we're going down for this,
not after all the trouble
we went to.
We ain't leaving
any witnesses behind.
Let's get rid of these brats.
No, please don't.
No hard feelings, my dear.
Please! Someone help!
-[whimpering]
-[grunting]
[Strudel groaning]
-[PAS] That was a mistake.
-Huh?
Huh?
You should never take your eyes
off the other person
in the room.
Wait. Hold on.
What did you do?
[PAS] I'm under no obligation
to explain things to you.
Oh, Lord Pastry.
It's fine.
I told you not to worry.
-Would you care to surrender?
-[growls]
Moron,
we're just getting started!
Bad move,
'cause this is checkmate.
♪
[PAS] Next time
on Sweet Reincarnation.
"Beloved Smiles
and Baked Treats."
Bon appetit!